Add Azure cloud provider support document (#878)
SUSE/doc-caasp: adoc/admin-storage-azure.adoc

= Azure Storage

> The Azure cloud provider can be enabled with {productname} to allow Kubernetes pods to use Azure disks or Azure files as data volumes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Azure cloud provider can be enabled with {productname} to allow {kube} pods to use Azure disks or Azure files as persistent volumes.
```

This chapter provides the volume usage and description.

Please refer to link:{docurl}single-html/caasp-deployment/#bootstrap[Cluster Bootstrap] on how to setup Azure cloud provider enabled cluster.

== Azure Disk

[[create_azure_disk]]
=== Create Disk
. Install Azure CLI on local machine.
+

> For installation instructions, refer to link:https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/install-azure-cli?view=azure-cli-latest[Install the Azure CLI].

Reviewer: We have `zypper install azure-cli` ^^

Author: Link includes instructions how to install with zypper.
